Amanda's: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, can you hear me.
How are you today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you
Amanda's: His movie. We're packing boxes and we were loading our car at night and I woke up yesterday with like I was sneezing and my head was real cloudy.
Amanda's: Yeah, I got some Nyquil and
Amanda's: I said, pretty much all day yesterday, but I remembered my meeting and then eight, and I fell asleep. I call it this morning and I asked to get a different meeting not totally anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What time is
Amanda's: At seven
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Nice.
Amanda's: An
Amanda's: admin or something like that.
Amanda's: ate my dinner.
Amanda's: I'm going to have a
Amanda's: Makeup meeting with you and him tomorrow at 130
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay, yeah.
Perfect. Oh.
Amanda's: Just
Moving
Amanda's: That what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I say you're in the process of moving
Amanda's: Well, my dad had brought my stuff from what you're seeing. And we're only in a one bedroom. So I had stuff packed into my bed, since we got a storage. We're going to go ahead and start this thread right
Amanda's: So we're going to buy a house, but we haven't found one yet but we just been living with all these boxes in the closet under our bed.
Amanda's: In our side of those boxes. My dad brought I move those over to the storage. And now if you move each other's needs. If I can't go anywhere.
Amanda's: Or choose not to go anywhere. I just load them in the car.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got yeah okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Can you turn your video on
No.
Amanda's: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's nice to put a face to the voice.
Amanda's: might shut off. I called and they said that there was I, everything was getting goes okay and my other my tablet didn't even let me take pictures so
Amanda's: I don't know.
Amanda's: It might turn off, let me take my case off right away, though it doesn't get off.
Amanda's: There we go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Better
Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're working with Dr omen.
Amanda's: Well, I haven't yet. But yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It shows that you're here for an individual. Have you had your bio psychosocial done yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Yay. Okay, so, um, let's talk about what are some of the things that you want to work on why you're engaged with right heart.
Amanda's: I told you last week about um
Amanda's: Be bossy, or
Amanda's: Or I'm like, go get this and say, being demanding or like rude.
Amanda's: I can, I can nicely. But, you know, take me a while to come up with it when I could use it when it comes to me. Sometimes it is rude.
Amanda's: That's not what I'm trying to be anybody knows me, I'm not rude, but there's people who don't know me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so basically your approach is what you want to work on communication skills.
Amanda's: Yeah, I mean, I'm good with that. But I mean, if something comes out. I'm going to say what comes to my mind right away, not sit down and think about the nice way to scan or sometimes I'll ask my wife was that rude, like a little bit. I said I could have said it like this after the fact.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda's: Thought about it for a while. This may take me a while to think about how it can say that nice, they don't forget what I'm trying to say.
Amanda's: Yeah, they look on my mind. But I don't mean to be rude, but even I've noticed that I'm rude like me or not in a mood, but that was group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
So,
Amanda's: Know that I wasn't being trying to be rude.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right. It's just your approach and you know really kind of being willing to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think before you respond to people is going to be, you know, part of the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Solution. You know what I mean. Take a few minutes before instead of just popping off with what you want to you know what's in your head and what you want to say, you know,
Amanda's: I'm saying I don't really notice that it's really until I actually comes out.
Right.
Amanda's: So I don't know if it doesn't come out kind of like
Amanda's: I don't review things in my head before I say, you know what I mean, it's just
Yeah.
Amanda's: I don't know how people can come back with jokes really fast, but I can't do that. I know I have to really think about things. Afterwards, or I'll remember a lot of things like, Oh man, I should is bad or or I should have done this or
Amanda's: That I thought about it a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so, wanting to get out of the afterthought, but more in the forethought
Amanda's: Yeah, like, I don't know how to hurry up and think about it right away, cuz I don't know that it's going to be rude until after
Amanda's: It come out and I've said it or what I'm texting, like, oh, he reaches that rude.
Amanda's: And she's like, Yeah, let's change it.
Amanda's: So if I'm sitting there and I'm typing or texting and yet I noticed before but not when it comes out of my mouth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can always start the conversation with you know i hope this doesn't come out rude, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know what you know another way to say it, and then say what you you know were originally going to say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I mean that's one way to prepare somebody beforehand and give them
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the warning, so they don't take offense to it and know that you're trying to communicate with them in a manner that you know isn't rude.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. That's one way to do it is just getting into practice of saying, you know, you know, I want to tell you something, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I don't know how to say it in a manner that I'm hoping that you don't take offense to it. So I'm just going to say it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then just say it and say, you know, if it sounded rude or if I came off route. You know I never meant to. I just want to be honest with yet and I don't know any other way to give you, honesty, because sometimes honestly is not pretty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you know
Amanda's: Are you at home this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It might hurt. Yeah.
Amanda's: Yeah, everybody is huh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda's: You guys are you guys are lucky or worse in us, are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where are you at
Amanda's: I'm in New Mexico.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I'm in Sacramento. Yeah.
Amanda's: I noticed is different. The other place with like an office this room looks like an office but at home. Yeah.
Amanda's: I could tell that way. I don't know how that how that made any sense but
Amanda's: I could tell other places work. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we're, we're working from home, which is, you know, a great thing.
Amanda's: That you have a job that you're able to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I definitely feel that it's a gift. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely like getting up and going into my office versus getting up and go, having to drive 3045 minutes and you know go to work for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our so you know makes a difference.
Amanda's: Going from listening to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, sometimes you know when you're in the habit and you like to get out of the house, a lot then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's definitely the way to go.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it just depends.
Amanda's: Yeah right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, very much. How are you handling.
Amanda's: It also social skills to use
Amanda's: Your access other people when you're at work when you don't leave you don't really nobody
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do, though, that's a great thing. I get to see people all day long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like having yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I still get to, but I see where you're where you're coming from. If I didn't work from home, it would definitely be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I didn't have this interaction, I would go crazy. Yeah, you're right.
Amanda's: A lot of you I don't go anywhere. I don't really talk to anybody. So it doesn't bother me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's good.
Amanda's: My cat my dog and
Amanda's: My wife.
Amanda's: Really need to do
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got everybody with you.
Amanda's: Yeah, I just wanted people are actually screw over rip you off to something to
Amanda's: And it just never know who's really honest anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really true.
Amanda's: Just don't really bother like nobody's really done that to me but you know put myself in a position to
Amanda's: Tell people you're busy telling you. Everybody misery loves company. Yeah.
Amanda's: I go to the neighbor over here like maybe once a while. Talk to her was her dogs and
Amanda's: When I'm not even go over there because I don't know where she goes, I'm not gonna get sick.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda's: I know where I go and I go nowhere but I don't know how many people she's coming contact not saying that she said that enough my life escalate.
Yeah.
Amanda's: So what I'm okay with this isn't bothering me at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. Anybody in your circle of life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: gotten sick.
Amanda's: No, I have my daddy my kids.
Amanda's: Their tears.
Amanda's: But nobody nobody's there is even sit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Amanda's: I sent them tissue. The other day
Amanda's: They don't have any tissue out there, I guess.
Oh, wow.
Amanda's: Yeah, so I sent them.
I
Amanda's: Guess that's all I have is my kids and my dad. I haven't talked to my other son in Arizona, but he's in the military.
Amanda's: Uh huh you graduate you to
Amanda's: Forget
Amanda's: Is going to be a teacher. It's called something he graduated on the 19th
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Professor
Amanda's: No, he didn't. Military service like
Okay.
Amanda's: Attack. I forget what is called he's getting there 10 years. So it's one another in another job thing where he's going to be an instructor
Amanda's: With other people that stay on base that they come to
Amanda's: I can think of it right now.
Okay.
Amanda's: Real easy to. It's like he's just been a cadet train it like
Amanda's: A teacher. There's another word, I'll think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like a sergeant.
Amanda's: Already started but it's one of those ones where do they stay on the base and you always go to them. They don't ever deployed anymore.
Amanda's: It's not, it's not good at school. It's a
Amanda's: I'd have to look it up. I'll remember it for you next time.
Okay.
Amanda's: Perfect already been sitting there 10 years already.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda's: He's making a career out of it.
Amanda's: Is just another job for him. Like it was especially intelligence, the first five years and then he went and get the drone, second by
Amanda's: Uh huh. Yeah, he gets his other we're going to finish the chain again like we did the very first tape.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda's: It's a whole nother job.
Amanda's: Oh, wow. So it's his where he stays in that uniform like a white uniform all day long and they come to him for things
Amanda's: He's literally going to stay on base. Now, now, where he deploys or is it really going to go to work to teach. He's gonna go to school to that's his job is to go to school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like a pretty good job.
Amanda's: Yeah he does a great job. I'm going to get paid to school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: doesn't get better than that.
Amanda's: Yes. When you originally joy for was helping the GI Bill
Amanda's: But doing all the stuff that they have with us. You're trying to go to school was really hard.
Amanda's: You did actually get some credits, but he's ranked up pretty fast, too. So it was hard. He had to like go to work, go to his room and steady.
Amanda's: Go and then he didn't really spend time with his family. But then he was deploying
Amanda's: used to play a lot and his family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, how many kids as young
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As two boys well
Amanda's: He said he's selfish. You don't want no more.
Amanda's: Selfish at all. You just want to have more kids.
Amanda's: He didn't really want anybody does not regretting the one the as you just, that's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes sense. You know, sounds like somebody that knows what he wants, you know,
Amanda's: Exactly who is
Amanda's: He say that just like I don't want kids, but let's say he doesn't love those ones. But if you've not had any heat have been okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm. Yeah, some people are like that. They just are. Yeah. Well, that's
Amanda's: Why would you want to have to have any kids depend on you if you didn't want it like that. It's not selfish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I don't think it is either
Amanda's: He thought it was
Amanda's: Some people is, he's a great father. It's just some people don't want to do it.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many other
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many other kids do you have
Amanda's: I have two boys and a little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Amanda's: My other son is 25
Amanda's: And 2220 1623 and my daughter will be 20
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, all groan. Yep.
Amanda's: I've grown a only have two grandbabies
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yet there's still time right
Amanda's: Yeah. The other ones are with anybody. They're not within a relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Amanda's: And they don't have RANDOM KIDS FROM OTHER GIRLS THAT THEY'RE NOT with before.
Amanda's: You know you haven't had babies from like different baby mamas. Yeah.
Amanda's: I hope I don't have any of those. But if I do, I do, but
Amanda's: They just haven't had the right girl just my other son was with this girl for like four years, but she had kids.
Amanda's: So I think that was why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kids definitely makes a difference. Don't they
Amanda's: Yeah, they do.
Amanda's: Everything like
Amanda's: Even if other people have kids, I'm pretty sure they were thinking about having kids because there's already kid. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm pretty sure that wasn't even on the table, or maybe it was or
Amanda's: Whatever they were doing. They were obviously using protection. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, being smart.
Amanda's: And then my other son. He got with this girl when she was pregnant, she still had hadn't had her baby.
Amanda's: And I drove her to the hospital and all that Naylor begin with. They were together like two years.
Amanda's: So I'm pretty sure they weren't talking about sex, either. I mean a baby. You know what I mean to you.
Amanda's: And I can guess the reason why I haven't had their babies. Just because they've already met somebody with
Amanda's: People around here that I was finding
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, they'll get ready when they're ready. They will maybe they won't not okay to you know that's what
Amanda's: You want to, but I'm glad that we got to see it was somebody else's
Amanda's: You got to see it first and not be struggling and be like, Oh, I'm leaving.
Yeah.
Amanda's: They also got to see how it was with other kids before it was their own
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: definitely got training before. A lot of people don't get that.
Amanda's: And then they get overwhelmed and an end up leaving their spouse. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Too much
Amanda's: And I gotta go. Yeah, like that you should stay, no matter how hard to get
Amanda's: The mom doesn't get to leave all those know moms have left, but not very many. But
Amanda's: Because my cousin, he's raising his daughter.
Amanda's: She's a little bit out there. She's little hyper with the mom just didn't want a baby she left
Amanda's: In my cousin married her, and she came back. Four months later he left again.
Amanda's: She came back. She left again. He said, You know what, you're not coming back. I'm the worst thing you got full custody of his daughter, she would say, I'm not ready to be a mom.
And she didn't
Amanda's: I was like, wow, and he kept her like you don't really see Dad do that very much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you don't.
Amanda's: Pass them off to the mom or the dad or
Amanda's: They go into custody of the state and
Amanda's: She wasn't ready to be a mom and she literally just picked up in LA.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: LA. Wow.
Amanda's: She lucky that he stayed with her. She could have lost the baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so.
Amanda's: Very much so. He's already like five years old now, but
Amanda's: My, my aunt helps out a lot. She works he's
Amanda's: Like he runs a restaurant. So when he goes pic certifications that was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Amanda's: Not his mom is her Mom's Mom to help my, my friend, Gina. My, my, and I hope
Amanda's: So thanks to his grammar but
Amanda's: For great grip.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything's okay with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With you and your wife.
Amanda's: Yeah, okay, good. She, her stores still open, she works in 30 miles away from where we live in a little like rule town.
Yeah.
Amanda's: And they were thinking about closing it down because it's not real busy like there's a casino and
Amanda's: It's just kind of like a piece off of Albuquerque. And I don't know if you know what it is. It's called Bernal Leo.
Amanda's: So if there's stuff out there like you know there's finally a Walmart and stuff like that. But there wasn't before, but there's just not that much people there. Now the casinos not fair Aug casinos voluntarily shut down with what's going on so
Amanda's: It's not very busy there, so they actually changed her hours from 10 to seven. She's the one who works now.
Amanda's: Oh, wow. So is thinking about closing her down and bringing her back in Albuquerque where there's other stores.
Amanda's: But they making enough money, I guess, keep it open, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Amanda's: That's really please, she goes to work.
Amanda's: And if we need stuff along the way, she'll stop instead of us going together.
Amanda's: Uh huh. On the way coming home.
Amanda's: And she passed the stores a lot of stores on the way home. So
Amanda's: No need for both of us to go out, which is already out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that makes it nice.
Amanda's: Me.
Amanda's: Where it's on the weekend we need them. Yeah, we'll go together, but
Amanda's: I'm older to I'm 20 years 11 years older than my wife, so
Amanda's: I'm more to get his years to get it. That's what he said. Younger kids and the older words.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, there's also the piece. Anybody that smokes cigarettes. Anybody that smokes marijuana anybody you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: is new in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But definitely are susceptible are you there, Amanda.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think I lost you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you froze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, you know, stop video until
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He gets back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she made it back.
Amanda's: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi get frozen.
Amanda's: Is when it gets hot because I felt the back of the phone and I blew on it, it cools down because I do phone for an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Amanda's: Great. I checked a said that I said if I had your number in this at all like that. It changed all the time and nice to not yours, but they still have to check in with me every time.
Yeah.
Amanda's: And because they said, every time I go to group. It'll be a different group meeting.
Amanda's: I thought it was that for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, I have my, oh yeah, I have my own personal zoom room.
Amanda's: So they said not to, um, how do I do this, do you, how can I do with my tears.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You join
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whenever yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah you sign up for an account if they have a basic account that's free and you put your information in and then you open the video and you'll click. There's a little arrow right underneath where it says, Open Meeting start meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You click on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'll see your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your zoom room number. And so you give that number to your, to your kid and tell him to sign in, you know, go into zoom and join and he'll join your meeting.
Amanda's: So you'll start
Getting
Amanda's: Yeah, I'll sign up and then
Amanda's: They'll just have to do what I do for you guys.
Yes.
Amanda's: I wanted to do Easter together.
Amanda's: Because we've always done Easter together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's definitely a good way to communicate.
Amanda's: I wanted to do that. And then I noticed that record. So later on I could get pictures off of it right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, it'll send it to you. It'll store it in the cloud and then send you a link in your email.
For you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you can go back and review it and, you know, do whatever you need to do.
Amanda's: Because I'm gonna have to get internet because I don't like it, cutting off. I have a laptop. So I don't know if I can get zoom like that. Can I get them on my laptop.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Amanda's: Cuz I don't like how it's off. I'm going to probably lean on with you guys with my laptop on because I have two of them.
Amanda's: It's just easier with the phone. That's all.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is easier with different you know definitely with a laptop. That's what I'm on. I'm on a laptop.
Amanda's: What is it windows or is it just google google chrome
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's I have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Google Chrome and I have, I go through generally I go through Firefox for a lot of my things they just seems to be more stable than any of the other browsers and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got the Firefox, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a Windows computer. And I do have one Chrome on it for my browser.
Amanda's: Oh, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't use a whole lot, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so tell me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what you're going to work on this week.
Amanda's: Well, I can't work to people because I'm not going out, but
Amanda's: I need to get my news with my doctors, what I really need to do
Amanda's: You need to get one.
Amanda's: Tomorrow, if you call me that.
It was my doctor
Amanda's: Yeah, I haven't had a meeting with him at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll see him yet 130
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And what he does. I'll give you kind of run down at the meeting, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Him and I go into the zoom room together, we get everybody in the group to come in. He checks in with you guys. He checks in with you and ask you if you need a refill. How you feeling any effects.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From the medication that you're on any suicide thoughts. Any Hauser, anxiety, depression, that kind of stuff. Any physical issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you experiencing from the medication or you think it's from the medication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then he'll discuss it a little bit. And it's good information for everybody to hear in case they're having the same symptoms, but don't know or realize that the from it's from the medication.
Amanda's: And lady had told me I was sure rebel, go to the methadone, we go to the doctor room by ourselves about it. We're kind of just a number.
Amanda's: And I had asked her, do we talk to everybody, like, do I want everybody in my sessions. Yeah, I see why did I would think that you would want to share your thoughts with everybody.
Amanda's: Just because you never know. Maybe the same way you are. They don't know
Amanda's: Yeah, over there. We weren't a lot of talk about like
Amanda's: We're just the number over there. It's just was weird, but
Amanda's: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Better to talk to other people.
Because
Amanda's: Some people are the same. And some people aren't you never know. Yeah. And you talk to them outside when you get outside the clinic, you have like a couple minutes streetcar you can't hang out talking
Amanda's: And I'm just got user, Greg. If they don't sell in Europe doing this weekend deals. I understand that, too. But what if you wanted to talk about stuff about really the program. They don't know
Amanda's: You know what to call it over the only one person and that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Amanda's: That's new. Yeah.
Amanda's: Like I was crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that is, that's different. And that's for sure.
Amanda's: How do we shared account I ever talked to you ever struggling with addiction. So how have you really been no one's talking about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You do ask. Oh, you don't know you, because you didn't ask him.
Amanda's: I didn't ask really tell you that kind of stuff. I didn't know I could ask you if you were on drugs or be if it's like some people tell you, Oh, I've been there. I know how it is. Some people counselors will come off and tell you that
Amanda's: Is some low. You know what I mean. I just think it was appropriate for me to ask. So I never did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you can. You definitely have the right to ask any therapist that you're working with, or any doctor what your credentials are or your experience with addiction, you know. You definitely are allowed. I mean, that is your God given right to know who you're working with, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't have to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't have to give you our fold athletes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they don't have to. Yeah, give you specific details, but they can definitely tell you whether or not they've had experience with addiction, whether it's a family member of themselves and they definitely need to provide their credentials as well as well.
Amanda's: I'll keep that in mind because it's hard when somebody just goes to school and learn it or they get into thing for 20 years and they actually seen people doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Amanda's: And then it's different when they've actually struggled themselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It isn't as I know what
Amanda's: You're actually going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I can tell you, kind of therapeutic. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is, and it really depends on you know where that person's passion is as well, you know, generally what I found.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that most people that are in this field have either had addiction touch their life or they've lost somebody to addiction or they have lived through it themselves, you know, and that's the general
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, somehow or another it sparked that passion with them, you know, how did that happen.
Amanda's: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In this next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some of the things that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would like for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be willing to work on is not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you say, but how you say it. And if you can't, then make sure that you either say before you before you give somebody information that you think might be will possibly come through, but let them know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not your intent that you had, you know, you want to tell them something and you don't want them to take offense, because you know your work, your work in progress. You're trying to change your approach, you know, and communication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so knowing you knowing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You tell them, look, I want to tell you something. But you know, I come off route. Sometimes, and I'm working on that. But you know, I need to tell you this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And please don't take offense to it. And if you don't remember to do that before. Then do it right after try to remember to do it right after you communicate. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just, you know, I'm trying to work on my my communication skills and I realized that I might have came off a little bit rude just now. And that wasn't my intent, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you give them, you give the other person the information and then they get to choose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, whether they're going to take offense to it. Still, or whether they're going to say, all right, you know, not a big deal, you know. Yeah. And those are really kind of the first steps in order to be able to start changing the way that you communicate with people so that they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They can approach you and they don't feel that you know you're rude or sarcastic or whatever, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is kind of give them
Amanda's: It's just not I worked through the P. I was like, if people would have told me that it doesn't bother me how people tell me because no matter if he's quoted or not. Still, as you see it nicer to me.
Amanda's: But
Amanda's: Other people do get offended and I think they do like so I just I want to change.
Amanda's: My inbox.
Amanda's: With your group or, you know, my wife told me before like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Up your friends again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, second video till she comes back.